Modify S5131(Multiple Languages): Add CSPs to 'Going The Extra Mile' (#1239)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5131/common/extra-mile/csp.adoc

> ==== Content Security Policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Content Security Policy (CSP) Response Header
```
```suggestion
==== Content Security Policy (CSP) Header
```

Author: I like the 2nd one 👍

> To further protect against XSS, **Content Security Policies** can be added to
> allow client browsers to **block** loading data that does not meet the
> application's security requirements. If configured correctly, this can thwart
> any attempt to exploit XSS in the application. +
> https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP[Learn more here.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a defense-in-depth security approach, the **CSP** response header can be
added to instruct client browsers to **block** loading data that does not meet the
application's security requirements. If configured correctly, this can prevent any attempt
to exploit XSS in the application. +
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP[Learn more here.]
```

Reviewer: Although thwart looks nice, suggested 'prevent' for readers' clarity sake.

Reviewer: Nice blog if you want to link it in the articles https://web.dev/csp-xss/.

Author: Great blog post, thanks! I am modifying your suggestion to add it.
